AlarmControlPanel code validation (#2191)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-05-22-alarm_control_panel_validation.md

---
author: G Johansson
authorURL: https://github.com/gjohansson-ST
title: Alarm Control Panel Entity code validation
---

> The `AlarmControlPanelEntity` is now enforcing validation of code so for integrations that are creating such entities and are setting `code_arm_required` to `True` (default behavior). The validation will fail unless the user is actually providing a code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AlarmControlPanelEntity` is now enforcing validation of code for alarm control panel entities which set `code_arm_required` to `True` (default behavior). Service calls fail if no code is provided when a code is required.
```

> Previously this was entirely optional and a user could skip code entry regardless if it was needed by the integration or not (and as such each integration needed to implement it's own check).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously this was entirely optional and a user could skip code entry regardless of it was needed by the integration or not (and as such each integration needed to implement it's own check).
```

> As the default behavior is that code is required, custom integrations that don't require a code input needs to set `code_arm_required` to `False` or the user will always have to input a code regardless if needed by the service calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the default behavior is that code is required, custom integrations that don't require a code input need to set `code_arm_required` to `False` or the user will always have to input a code regardless of if it's needed by the service calls.
```
